remove bintray batch from intro page. (#56)
mockito/mockito.github.io: _posts/2000-01-20-who.md

**Pascal Schumacher**, **Christian Schwartz**, **Igor Czechowski**, **Patric Fornasier**, **Jim Barritt**,
**Felix Leipold**, **Liz Keogh**, **Dan North**, **Bartosz Bańkowski**, **David Wallace**.

> [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/mockito/mockito) and Bintray are used to facilitate continuous delivery.
> Both tools are great. Thank you Travis, thank you Bintray!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[GitHub actions](https://github.com/mockito/mockito/actions) and [Shipkit](http://shipkit.org) are used to facilitate continuous delivery.
Both tools are great. Thank you GitHub, thank you Shipkit!
```

Author: thank you for checking quickly and give me a suggestion change :bow:
